# Compliant_motion_control
As robot autonomy advances, it becomes more and more important to develop algorithms that are not solely functional, but also mindful of the end-user. This research area is known as Human–robot interaction (HRI). How should the robot behave when it's moving in the presence of a human? How should it learn from user feedback? How should it assist the user in accomplishing day to day tasks? This proposal aims to explore the first question using force feedback and a robotic arm. 

Impedance control aims to achieve the desired mechanical interaction with an uncertain environment. The impedance refers to the dynamic relation between motion and contact forces [2]. Cartesian impedance control is a type of control strategy that sets a dynamic relationship between contact forces and the position of a robot arm, making it suitable for collaborative robots. It is particularly useful when the interesting dimensions in the workspace are in the Cartesian space [1]. 

The aim is to leverage these techniques for applications that require compliance first, and safety boundaries later, on available UR5 arms. However, and despite force-torque sensing at the end-effector, these arms do not support torque control, only position and velocity control. [5] is a possible answer to this limitation, one that can readily enable motion planning using well known frameworks such as MoveIt! If this pans out, [4] introduces some interesting concepts to extend admittance control loops [6] for collision avoidance.
